What is WebDriver? We already spoke about WebDriver a little bit
in the first module, and we saw how it worked.
But let's take a quick recap just to make sure that we understand
what WebDriver is and how we're going to use it.
WebDriver is basically that API that we're going to use to
programmatically control a web browser through a test.
We've seen exactly how it worked using HTTP to communicate from a
language binding to a WebDriver implementation on each one of the
browsers, but now we're actually going to use that.
So basically, you can think of WebDriver as the API, and we're going
to be programming against that API using Java code.
We're going to be able to do that through automation using different
browsers, such as Chrome or Firefox, IE, or even HtmlUnit using a
WebDriver script that we're going to create.
We're going to essentially be using Java almost like a scripting language in order to script the automation of a browser.